Document the absence of virtual elements in the Result (#486)
cap-js/docs: java/migration.md

The default value of CDS Property `cds.security.authentication.normalizeProviderTenant` is changed to `true`. With this change, the provider tenant is normalized and set to `null` in the UserInfo by default. If you have subscribed the provider tenant to your application you need to disable this feature.

> #### Virtual elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Virtual Elements
```

> The values for an elements annotated with the annotation `@Core.Computed: true`, notably, the virtual elements are no longer retained after the CQN statement execution. Previously this was the case only for an `Upsert` statement. Their values are no longer returned in the `Result` of the CQN statement and are not available in the `@After` handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values for (virtual) elements annotated with the annotation `@Core.Computed: true` are no longer retained after the CQN statement execution. Their values are no longer returned in the `Result` of the CQN statement and are not available in the `@After` handlers. Previously this was the case only for `Upsert` statements.
```
